And really, I'm gonna start to resent you for even asking me to stop drumming. And we're just gonna start to hate each other. And it's gonna get very... It's gonna be ugly. And so for those reasons, I'd rather just, you know, break it off clean... because I wanna be great.
Either you're deliberately out of tune and sabotaging my band, or you don't know you're out of tune, and that's even worse.
For the record, Metz wasn't out of tune. You were, Erickson, but he didn't know and that's bad enough.
I was there to push people beyond what's expected of them. I believe that's an absolute necessity.
You know, you really don't need a forensics team to get to the bottom of this. If you guys were the inventors of Facebook, you'd have invented Facebook.
Ma'am, I know you've done your homework and so you know that money isn't a big part of my life, but at the moment I could buy Mt. Auburn Street, take the Phoenix Club, and turn it into my ping-pong room.
You better lawyer up ..., because I'm not coming back for 30%, I'm coming back for EVERYTHING.
Sorry! My Prada's at the cleaners! Along with my hoodie and my flip-flops, you pretentious ...!
I think if your clients want to sit on my shoulders and call themselves tall, they have the right to give it a try - but there's no requirement that I enjoy sitting here listening to people lie.
You have part of my attention - you have the minimum amount. The rest of my attention is back at the offices of Facebook, where my colleagues and I are doing things that no one in this room, including and especially your clients, are intellectually or creatively capable of doing.
I don't hate anybody. The "Winklevii" aren't suing me for intellectual property theft. They're suing me because for the first time in their lives, things didn't go exactly the way they were supposed to for them.
Everyone keeps telling me how my story is supposed to go. Nah. I'ma do my own thing.
Alright my name's Hobie, Hobie Brown. I was bitten by a- wouldn't you like to know, get what I mean? And for the last three years I've been the one and only- wait, wait, wait wait wait wait wait. You think I'm gonna show my secret identity? Come out of it.
The power of the multiverse, in the palm of my hand. My holes aren't a curse! They're the answer!
There's a world out there with no Spider-Man to protect them, because it bit you instead. You're not supposed to be Spider-Man!
Dread it. Run from it. Destiny arrives all the same. And now it's here. Or should I say, I am.
As long as there are those that remember what was, there will always be those that are unable to accept what can be. They will resist.
I will shred this universe down to its last atom and then, with the Stones you've collected for me, create a new one teeming with life that knows not what it has lost, but only what it has been given. A grateful universe.
In all my years of conquest, violence, slaughter, it was never personal. But I'll tell you now, what I'm about to do to your stubborn, annoying little planet, I'm gonna enjoy it. Very, very much.
Fun isn't something one considers when balancing the universe. But this...does put a smile on my face.
You could not live with your own failure. Where did that bring you? Back to me.
Um, I am not "Mr. Lebowski". You're Mr. Lebowski. I'm the Dude. So that's what you call me. You know, that or, uh, His Dudeness, or uh, Duder, or El Duderino if you're not into the whole brevity thing.
Gentlemen, welcome to Fight Club. The first rule of Fight Club is: you do not talk about Fight Club. The second rule of Fight Club is: you DO NOT talk about Fight Club!
Man, I see in fight club the strongest and smartest men who've ever lived. I see all this potential, and I see squandering.
Freeze! Vegan Police! Todd Ingram, you're under arrest for Veganity Violation Code Number 827: imbibing of half-and-half. 12:47 on February 1st: You knowingly ingested gelato.
McLovin? What kind of a stupid name is that, Fogell? What, are you trying to be an Irish R&B singer?
Good morning, and in case I don't see ya, good afternoon, good evening, and goodnight!
We accept the reality of the world with which we're presented. It's as simple as that.
Honey, I am seven non-fox years old. My father died at seven and a half. I don't want to live in a hole anymore, and I'm going to do something about it.
I guess my point is, we'll eat tonight, and we'll eat together. And even in this not particularly flattering light, you are without a doubt the five and a half most wonderful wild animals I've ever met in my life. So let's raise our boxes - to our survival.
A doughnut hole in the doughnut's hole. But we must look a little closer. And when we do, we see that the doughnut hole has a hole in its center - it is not a doughnut hole at all but a smaller doughnut with its own hole, and our doughnut is not whole at all!
You may be confused at times, and other times unsure. But remember, I will never ask you to do anything that I wouldn't do myself.